that that that that did this depicted it
depict a garland of in semen
welcome back was it hard you good now
I'm pleased to welcome out to the stage
I'm gonna give you a bit of an intro as
to what he's talking about
and he's a very great man as well to
he's performed several times around the
place he's beaten the festival so give
him all your love when he comes out is
that right well then without further ado
can we please welcome to the stage mr.
guy William thank you for clapping I
appreciate it it's great to be here in
Auckland today it's great to be here
yesterday and the day before that as
well I live here yeah so into the gym
today I didn't work out I just like to
watch people struggling last year I
spent quite a bit of time in hospital
until they found out and I had to leave
Oh
[Music]
so I graduated Rhys other so I'll just
just finish up a few few more gigs I
graduated recently and I'm going to
graduate employed at the moment
obviously obviously I am yeah I've got a
huge student loan that the government
announced recently the government
announced recently that student debt has
reached 10 billion dollars which is
funny because they think that we're
going to pay it back don't lean students
money
my flatmate owes me $16 and I'm not
getting it back
on stage
I didn't play that oh my god
thank you so much reply you love that
ty Williams everyone
[Applause]
[Music]